<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Familiar Dialogues</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="familiar-dialogues">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Familiar Dialogues</h2>
			<section id="for-to-wish-the-good-morning">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Wish the Good Morning</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>How does your father do?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>He is very well.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I am very delight of it. Were is it?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I shall come back soon, I was no came that to know how you are.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-make-a-visit-in-the-morning">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For Make a Visit in the Morning</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Is your master at home?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, sir.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Is it up.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>No, sir, he sleep yet.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I go make that he get up.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It come in one’s? How is it, you are in bed yet?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yesterday at evening, I was to bed so late that</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I may not rising me soon that morning.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Well! what you have done after the supper?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>We have sung, danced, laugh and played.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What game?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>To the picket.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Whom I am sorry do not have know it!</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Who have prevailed upon?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I had gained ten lewis.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Till at what o’clock its had play one?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Un till two o’clock after mid night.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>At what o’clock are you go to bed.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Half pass three.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I am no astonished if you get up so late.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What o’clock is it?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What o’clock you think is it?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I think is not yet eight o’clock.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How is that, eight ‘clock! it is ten ‘clock struck.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It must then what I rise me quickly.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Adieu, my deer, I leave you. If can to see you at six clock to the hotel from ***, we swill dine togetter.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Willingly. Good by.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-dress-him-self">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Dress Him Self</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>John, make haste, lighted the fire and dress-me.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Give me my shirt.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>There is it sir.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Is it no hot, it is too cold yet.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>If you like, I will hot it.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>No, no, bring me my silk stocking’s.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Its are make holes.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Make its a point, or make to mend them.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Comb me, take another comb. Give me my handkarchief.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>There is a clean, sir.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What coat dress you to day?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Those that I had yesterday.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The tailor do owe to bring soon that of cloth.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Have you wexed my shoes? I go wex its now.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It must that I may wash my hands, the mouth and my face.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-walk">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Walk</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Will you and take a walk with me?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Wait for that the warm be out.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Go through that meadow.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Who the country is beautiful! who the trees are thick!</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Take the bloom’s perfume.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It seems me that the corn does push alredy.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You hear the bird’s gurgling?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Which pleasure! which charm!</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The field has by me a thousand charms.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Are you hunter? will you go to the hunting in one day this week?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Willingly; I have not a most pleasure in the world. There is some game on they cantons?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>We have done a great walk.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-weather">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Weather</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>We shall have a fine weather to day.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>There is some foggy.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I fear of the thunderbolt.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The sun rise on.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The sun lie down.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is light moon’s.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-write">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Write</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>It is to day courier day’s; I have a letter to write.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>At which does you write?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Is not that? look one is that.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>This letter is arrears.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It shall stay to the post. This pen are good for notting. During I finish that letter, do me the goodness to seal this packet; it is by my cousin.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How is the day of month?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The two, the three, the four, <abbr class="eoc">etc.</abbr></p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That is some letter to me.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Go to bear they letter to the post.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-gaming">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Gaming</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Do you like the gaming?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>At what pack will you that we does play?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>To the cards.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Waiter, give us a card’s game.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What is the trump?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The club’s king.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Play, if you please.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The heart’s aces.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>We do ought.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>This time I have a great deal pack.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-the-tailor">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With the Tailor</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Can you do me a coat?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What cloth will you do to?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>From a stuff what be of season.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How much wants the ells for coat, waist coat, and breeches?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Six ells.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What will you to double the coat?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>From some thing of duration. I believe to you that</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>When do you bring me my coat?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The rather that be possible.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Bring you my coat?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, sir, there is it.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You have me done to expect too.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I did can’t to come rather.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It don’t are finished?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The lining war not sewd.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is so that do one’s now.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Button me.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It pinches me too much upon stomack.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The sleeves have not them great deal wideness?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>No, sir, they are well.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-hair-dresser">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Hair Dresser</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Your razors, are them well?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, Sir.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Comb-me quickly; don’t put me so much pomatum.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What news tell me? all hairs dresser are newsmonger.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Sir, I have no heared any thing.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-breakfast">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Breakfast</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>John bring us some thing for to breakfast.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, Sir; there is some sousages. Will you than I bring the ham?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, bring-him, we will cup a steak put a nappe clothe upon this table.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I you do not eat?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How you like the tea.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is excellent.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Still a not her cup.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-ask-some-news">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Ask Some News</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>It is true what is told of master M***?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Then what is told of him?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I have heard that he is hurt mortally.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I shall be sowow of it, because he is a honestman.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Which have wounden him?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Do know it why?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The noise run that is by to have given a box on the ear to a of them.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-buy">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Buy</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>I won’t have a good and fine cloth to make a coat.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How much do you sell it the ell?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>We thout overcharge you from a halfpenny, it cost twenty franks.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Sir, I am not accustomed to cheapen: tell me the last price.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I have told you, sir, it is valuable in that.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is too much dear, I give at it, eighteen franks.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You shall not have what you have wished.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You did beg me my last word, I told you them.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Well, well, cut them two ells.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Don’t you will not more?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>No, at present.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-dine">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Dine</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Go to dine, the dinner is ready.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Cut some bread; here is it, I don’t know that boiled meat is good.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Gentilman, will you have some beans?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Peter, uncork a Porto wine bottle.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Sir, what will you to?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Some pears, and apples, what wilt you?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Taste us rather that liquor, it is good for the stomach.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I am too much obliged to you, is done.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-speak-french">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Speak French</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>How is the french? Are you too learned now?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I could to tell some word’s that I know by heart.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Not apprehend you, the french language is not difficult.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I know it, and she have great deal of agreeableness. Who I would be. If I was know it!</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It must to study for to learn it. How long there is it what you learn it?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is not yet a month.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How is called your master?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is called N***</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I know him it is long; he has teached a many of my friends. Don’t he tell you that it must to speak french?</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-see-the-town">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to See the Town</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Anthony, go to accompany they gentilsmen, do they see the town.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>We won’t to see all that is it remarquable here.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Admire this master piece gothic architecture’s.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The chasing of all they figures is astonishing indeed.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The streets are very layed out by line and too paved.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>There is it also hospitals here?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It not fail them. What are then the edifices the worthest to have seen?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is the arsnehal, the spectacle’s hall, the cusiom-house and the Purse.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>We are going too see the others monuments such that the public pawnbroker’s office, the plants garden’s the money office’s, the library.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="to-inform-oneself-of-a-person">
				<h3 epub:type="title">To Inform Oneself of a Person</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>How is that gentilman who you did speak by and by.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Is a German.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Tongh he is German, he speak so much well italyan, french, Spanish,</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>and english, that among the Italyans, they believe him Italyan,</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>he speak the frenche as the Frenches himselves. The Spanishesmen</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>belie ve him Spanishing, and the Englishes, Englisman.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is difficult to enjoy well so much several langages.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-ride-a-horse">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Ride a Horse</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Here is a horse who have a bad looks. Give me another; I will not that. He not sail know to march, he is pursy, he is foundered. Don’t you are ashamed to give me a jade as like? he is undshoed, he is with nails up; it want to lead to the farrier.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Your pistols are its loads?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>No; I forgot to buy gun-powder and balls. Let us prick. Go us more fast never I was seen a so much bad beast; she will not nor to bring forward neither put back.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Strek him the bridle, hold him the reins sharters. Pique stron<!--sic--> gly, make to marsh him.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I have pricked him enough. But I can’t to make march him.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Go down, I shall make march.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Take care that he not give you a foot kick’s.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Then he kicks for that I look? Sook here if I knew to tame hix.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-watch-maker">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Watch Maker</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>I bring you a watch that want to be ordered.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I had the misfortune to leave fall down the instant where I did mounted, it must to put again a glass.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I want not a pendulum? I have them here some very good.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Don’t you live me her proof againts? I shall not accept that this condition.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-visit-a-sick">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Visit a Sick</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>How have you passed the night?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Very bad. I have not sleeped; I have had the fever during all night. I fell some pain every where body.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Live me see your tongue. Have you pain to the heart?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Are you altered?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, I have thursty often.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Your stat have nothing from lrouble some.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What I may to eat?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You can take a broth.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Can I to get up my self?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, during a hour or two.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Let me have another thing to do?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Take care to hold you warme ly, and in two or three days you shall be cured.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-travel">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Travel</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Where you go so?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I am going to Cadiz.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Have you already arrested a coach?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, sir, and very cheap.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>There is it some danger on the highway?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is not spoken that.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>They speak not that may have some robbers on the woods?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It have nothing to fear, or in day neither the night.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Don’t we does pass for a***?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>No, sir, they leave it to left.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Let us take patience, still some o’clock, and we shall be in the end of our voyage.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-inn-keeper">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Inn Keeper</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>What you give us for to take supper.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Gentlemen, what you will have.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Give us a pigeon couple, a piece of ham and a salad.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What have us expended?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Theaccout mount in little the supper, the bed and the breakfast, shall get up at thirty franks.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="from-the-house-keeping">
				<h3 epub:type="title">From the House-Keeping</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>I don’t know more what I won’t with they servants.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I tell the same, it is not more some good servants. Any one take care to sweep neither to make fire at what I may be up.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How the times are changed! Anciently I had some servants who were divine my thought. The duty was done at the instant, all things were cleanly hold one may look on the furnitures now as you do see. It is too different, whole is covered from dust; the pierglasses side-boards, the pantries, the chests of drawers, the walls selves, are changed of colours.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Believe me, send again whole the people; I take upon my self to find you some good servants for to succeed them.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Ah! what I shall be oblige to you of it!</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-the-comedy">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For the Comedy</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Were you go to the theatre yesterday?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, sir; I won’t to see the new play in which did owed to play and actress which has not appeared on any theatre.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How you think her?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>She has very much grace in the deeds great deal of exactness on the declamation, a constitution very agreable, and a delightful voice.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>What you say of the comedy? Have her succeded? It was a drama; it was whistted to the third scene of the last act.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Because that?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It whant the vehicle, and the intrigue it was bad conducted.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>So that they won’t waited even the upshot?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>No, it was divined.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>In the mean time them did diliver justice to the players which generaly have play very well.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>At the exception by a one’s self, who had land very much hir’s part.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It want to have not any indulgence towards the bat buffoons.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Have you seen already the new tragedy? They praise her very much.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is multitude already.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Never I had seen the parlour so full.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>This actor he make very well her part.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That piece is full of interest.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It have wondered the spectadors.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The curtains let down.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Go out us.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-hunting">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Hunting</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>There is it some game in this wood?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Another time there was plenty some black beasts and thin game, but the poachers have killed almost all.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Look a hare who run! let do him to pursue for the hounds! it go one’s self in the ploughed land.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Here that it rouse. Let aim it! let make fire him!</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I have put down killed.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Me, I have failed it; my gun have miss fixe.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I see a hind.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Let leave to pass away, don’t disturte it.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I have heard that it is plenty pardridges this year.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Have you killed also some thrushes.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Here certainly a very good hunting.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-fishing">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Fishing</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>That pond it seems me many multiplied of fishes. Let us amuse rather to the fishing.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I do like-it too much.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Here, there is a wand and some hooks.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Silence! there is a superb perch! Give me quick the rod. Ah! there is, it is a lamprey.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You mistake you, it is a frog! dip again it in the water.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-furniture-tradesman">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Furniture Tradesman</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>It seems no me new.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Pardon me, it comes workman’s hands.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Which hightness want you its?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I want almost four feet six thumbs wide’s, over seven of long.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-embarking-ones-self">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For Embarking One’s Self</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Don’t you fear the privateers!</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I jest of them; my vessel is armed in man of war, I have a vigilant and courageous equipage, and the ammunitions don’t want me its.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Never have you not done wreck?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That it is arrived me twice.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-gardener">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Gardener</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Shall I eat some plums soon?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It is not the season yet; but here is some peaches what does ripen at the eye sight.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It delay me to eat some wal nuts-kernels; take care not leave to pass the season.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Be tranquil, I shall throw you any nuts during the shell is green yet.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The artichoks grow its?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I have a particular care of its, because I know you like the bottoms.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It must to cup the trees.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>It should pull the bad grasses up.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-books-and-of-the-reading">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Books and of the Reading</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Do you like the reading good deal too many which seem me?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>That is to me a amusement.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-field">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Field</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>All the fields that you see thither were been neglected; it must I shall grub up and to plough its.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>The ground seems me a little scour with sand and yet it may one make it bring up; I want be fumed time by time.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-writing">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The Writing</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Your pens have any notches, and its spit.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>How do you like its? will you its are fine or broad?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I won’t me also a wafer or some sealing wax and a seal.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>In this drawer, there is all that, falding stick, rule, scraper, saud, <abbr class="eoc">etc.</abbr></p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>There is the postman I go to put it him again.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-bookseller">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Bookseller</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>What is there in new’s litterature?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Little or almost nothing, it not appears any thing of note.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>And yet one imprint many deal.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>But why, you and another book seller, you does not to imprint some good wooks?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>There is a reason for that, it is that you cannot to sell its. The actual-liking of the public is depraved they does not read who for to amuse one’s self ant but to instruct one’s.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>But the letter’s men who cultivate the arts and the sciences they can’t to pass without the books.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>A little learneds are happies enough for to may to satisfy their fancies on the literature.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Have you found the Buff on who I had call for?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I have only been able to procure the octodecimo edition, which is embellished with plates beautifully coloured.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-dentist">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Dentist</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>I have the teetht-ache.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Is it a fluxion, or have you a bad tooth?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I think that is a bad tooth; please you to examine my mouth?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You have a bad tooth; will you pull out this tooth?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I can’t to decide me it, that make me many great deal pain.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Your tooth is absolutely roted; if you leave it; shall spoil the others.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>In such case draw it.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I shall you neat also your mouth, and you could care entertain it clean, for to preserve the mamel of the teeth; I could give you a opiate for to strengthen the gums.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I thank you; I prefer the only means, which is to rinse the mouth with some water, or a little brandy.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="with-a-laundress">
				<h3 epub:type="title">With a Laundress</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Who lhat be too washed, too many soaped, and the shirts put through the buck. You may be sure; never I do else.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="for-to-swim">
				<h3 epub:type="title">For to Swim</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>I row upon the belly on the back and between two waters.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I am not so dexte rous that you.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Nothing is more easy than to swim; it do not what don’t to be</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>afraid of.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
			<section id="the-french-language">
				<h3 epub:type="title">The French Language</h3>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>Do you study?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Yes, sir, I attempts to translate of french by portuguese.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Do you know already the principal grammars rules?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>I am appleed my self at to learn its by heart.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Do speak french alwais?</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>Some times: though I flay it yet.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>You jest, you does express you self very well.</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
