<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Idiotisms and Proverbs</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:non-fiction">
		<section id="idiotims-and-proverbs">
			<h2 epub:type="title">  Idiotisms and Proverbs</h2>


<ul>
<li><p>The necessity don't know the low.</p></li>

<li><p>Few, few the bird make her nest.</p></li>

<li><p>He is not valuable to breat that he eat.</p></li>

<li><p>Its are some blu stories.</p></li>

<li><p>Nothing some money, nothing of Swiss.</p></li>

<li><p>He sin in trouble water.</p></li>

<li><p>A bad arrangement is better than a process.</p></li>

<li><p>He has a good beak.</p></li>

<li><p>In the country of blinds, the one eyed men are kings.</p></li>

<li><p>To build castles in Espagnish.</p></li>

<li><p>Cat scalded fear the cold water.</p></li>

<li><p>To do the fine spirit.</p></li>

<li><p>With a tongue one go to Roma.</p></li>

<li><p>There is not any rnler without a exception.</p></li>

<li><p>Take out the live coals with the hand of the cat.</p></li>

<li><p>A horse baared don't look him the tooth.</p></li>

<li><p>Take the occasion for the hairs.</p></li>

<li><p>To do a wink to some body.</p></li>

<li><p>So many go the jar to spring, than at last rest there.</p></li>

<li><p>He eat untill to can't more.</p></li>

<li><p>Which like Bertram, love hir dog.</p></li>

<li><p>It want to beat the iron during it is hot.</p></li>

<li><p>He is not so devil as he is black.</p></li>

<li><p>It is better be single as a bad company.</p></li>

<li><p>The stone as roll not heap up not foam.</p></li>

<li><p>They shurt him the doar in face.</p></li>

<li><p>He has fond the knuckle of the business.</p></li>

<li><p>He turns as a weath turcocl.</p></li>

<li><p>There is not better sauce who the appetite.</p></li>

<li><p>The pains come at horse and turn one's self at foot.</p></li>

<li><p>He is beggar as a church rat.</p></li>

<li><p>So much go the jar to spring that at last it break there.</p></li>

<li><p>To force to forge, becomes smith.</p></li>

<li><p>Keep the chestnut of the fire with the cat foot.</p></li>

<li><p>Friendship of a child is water into a basket.</p></li>

<li><p>At some thing the misforte is good.</p></li>

<li><p>Burn the politeness.</p></li>

<li><p>Tell me whom thou frequent, I will tell you which you are.</p></li>

<li><p>After the paunch comes the dance.</p></li>

<li><p>Of the hand to mouth, one lose often the soup.</p></li>

<li><p>To look for a needle in a hay bundle.</p></li>

<li><p>To craunch the marmoset.</p></li>

<li><p>To buy cat in pocket.</p></li>

<li><p>To be as a fish into the water.</p></li>

<li><p>To make paps for the cats.</p></li>

<li><p>To fatten the foot.</p></li>

<li><p>To come back at their muttons.</p></li>
</ul></section></body></html>
