
<p>                       Of the Man.</p>

<p>  The Brain                 | The inferior lip<br/>

  The brains                | The superior lip<br/>

  The fat of the Leg        | The marrow<br/>

  The ham                   | The reins<br/>
</p>

<p>                   Defects of the body.</p>

<p>  A blind                   | A left handed<br/>

  A lame                    | An ugly<br/>

  A bald                    | A squint-eyed<br/>

                        A deaf<br/>
</p>

<p>                    Degrees of kindred.</p>

<p>  The gossip                | the quater-grandfather<br/>

  The gossip mistress       | The quater-grandmother<br/>

  The Nurse                 | A guardian<br/>

  A relation                | An guardian<br/>

  An relation               | A widower<br/>

                        An widow.<br/>
</p>

<p>                          Trades.</p>

<p>  Starch-maker              | Porter<br/>

  Barber                    | Chinaman<br/>

  Coffeeman                 | Founder<br/>

  Porkshop-keeper           | Grave-digger<br/>

  Cartwright                | Tradesman<br/>

  Tinker, a brasier         | Stockingmender<br/>

  Nailer                    | Lochsmith<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Objects of man.</p>

<p>  The boots                 | The lining<br/>

  The buckles               | The clogs<br/>

  The buttons-holes         | The wig<br/>

  The buskins               | the morning-gown, night-gown<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Woman objects.</p>

<p>  The busk                  | The paint or disguise<br/>

  The sash                  | The spindle<br/>

  The conet                 | The patches<br/>

  The pumps                 | The skate<br/>
</p>

<p>                        Servants.</p>

<p>  Coochmann                 | Spendth<br/>

  Running footman           | Business-man<br/>

                          Groome.<br/>
</p>

<p>                        Diseases.</p>

<p>  The apoplexy              | The megrime<br/>

  The scrofulas             | The whitlow<br/>

  The melancholy            | The rheumatisme<br/>

                      The vomitory.<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Parties a Town.</p>

<p>  The butchery              | The low eating house<br/>

  The cause-way             | The obelis-ks<br/>

  The sink                  | The prison, geol<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Kitchen utensils.</p>

<p>  The skimming-dish         | The spark<br/>

  The potlid                | The fire<br/>

  The pothanger             | The smoke<br/>

  The spunge                | The clout<br/>

                         The jack.<br/>
</p>

<p>                        Of the bed.</p>

<p>  The bed wood              | The feet's bed<br/>

  The bed battom            | The pillar's bed<br/>

                      The head's bed.<br/>
</p>

<p>                      For the table.</p>

<p>  Some knifes               | Some groceries<br/>

                        Some crumb.<br/>
</p>

<p>                         Eatings.</p>

<p>  Some sugar-plum           | Hog fat<br/>

  Some wigs                 | Some marchpanes<br/>

  A chitterling sausages.   | An amelet<br/>

  A dainty-dishes           | A slice, steak<br/>

  A mutton shoulder         | Vegetables boiled to a pap<br/>
</p>

<p>                        Seasonings.</p>

<p>  Some wing                 | Some pinions<br/>

  Some cinnamon             | Some hog'slard<br/>

  Some oranges              | Some verjuice<br/>
</p>

<p>                         Drinkings.</p>

<p>  Some orgeat               | Some paltry wine<br/>

                    Some sirup or sirop<br/>
</p>

<p>                    Quadruped's beasts.</p>

<p>  Lamb                      | Roebuck<br/>

  Ass                       | Dragon<br/>

  Shi ass                   | wild sow<br/>

  Ass-colt                  | Lioness<br/>

  Ram, aries                | Dormouse<br/>
</p>

<p>                          Birds.</p>

<p>  Becafico                  | Heuth-cock<br/>

  Calander                  | Whoop<br/>

  Stor                      | Pea cock<br/>

  Yeung turkey              | Pinch<br/>

                    Red-Breast, a robin<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Insects-reptiles.</p>

<p>  Asp, aspic                | Fly<br/>

  Morpion                   | Butter fly<br/>

                         Serpent.<br/>
</p>

<p>                  Fishes and shell-fishes.</p>

<p>  Calamary                  | Large lobster<br/>

  Dorado                    | Snail<br/>

  A sorte of fish           | Wolf<br/>

  Hedge hog                 | Torpedo<br/>

                          Sea-calf.<br/>
</p>

<p>                          Trees.</p>

<p>  Lote-tree lotos           | Service-tree<br/>

  Chest nut-tree            | Jujube-tree<br/>

                        Linden-tree.<br/>
</p>

<p>Flowers.</p>

<p>  Anemony                   | Mil-foils<br/>

  Blue-bottle               | Hink<br/>

                         Turnsol.<br/>
</p>

<p>                         Hunting.</p>

<p>  Hunting dog               | Picker<br/>

  Relay dog                 | Gun-powder<br/>

  Hound dog                 | Priming-powder<br/>

  Hound's fee               | Hunts man<br/>
</p>

<p>                         Colours.</p>

<p>  White                     | Gridelin<br/>

  Cray                      | Musk<br/>

                           Red.<br/>
</p>

<p>                    Metals and minerals.</p>

<p>  Starch                    | Latten<br/>

  Cooper                    | Plaster<br/>

                         Vitriole<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Common stones.</p>

<p>  Loadstones                | White lead<br/>

  Brick                     | Gum-stone<br/>
</p>

<p>                         Weights.</p>

<p>  Counterpoise              | An obole<br/>

  A pound an half           | A quater ounce.<br/>
</p>

<p>                          Games.</p>

<p>  Football-ball             | Pile<br/>

  Bar                       | Mall<br/>

  Gleek                     | Even or non even<br/>

  Carousal                  | Keel<br/>
</p>

<p>                         Perfumes.</p>

<p>  Benzion                   | Pomatum<br/>

  Perfume paw               | Storax<br/>
</p>

<p>                        On the church.</p>

<p>  The sides of the nef      | The little cellal<br/>

  The holywater-pot         | The boby of the church<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Solemn-feasts.</p>

<p>  The Deads-day             | The Vigil<br/>

  The Twelfth-Dat           | The Visitation<br/>
</p>

<p>                  Ecclesiastical dignities.</p>

<p>  Incumbent                 | General of an order<br/>

  Canon                     | Penitentiary<br/>

  Canoness                  | Theologist<br/>

  Chanter, a clerk          | General curate<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Chivalry orders.</p>

<p>  Black eagle               | Elephant<br/>

  Avis, advice              | Honour Legion<br/>

  Calatrava                 | Saint Michaelmas<br/>

                        Very-merit.<br/>
</p>

<p>                         Degrees.</p>

<p>  A cannoneer               | A general to galeries<br/>

  A vessel captain          | A great admiral<br/>

  A harbinger               | A king a lieutenant<br/>

  A parapet                 | A quater master<br/>

  A army general            | A vice admiral's ship<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Military objects.</p>

<p>  The bait.                 | The fire pan<br/>

  An arquebuse              | A bomb ketch<br/>

  A bandoleer               | The military case<br/>

                      A fusil, a gun.<br/>
</p>

<p>                    Music's instruments.</p>

<p>  A flagelet                | A dreum<br/>

                      A hurdy-gurdy.<br/>
</p>

<p>                      Chastisements.</p>

<p>  A fine                    | To break upon<br/>

  Honourable fine           | To tear off the flesh<br/>

                To draw to four horses<br/>
</p>

